WildWestOutlaw class

// rename certain methods


Instance Variables:
    private String name - this variable represents the name of the character the user controls
    private int health - this variable represents the health of the character the user controls
    private int maxHealth - this variable represents the max health of the character the user controls
    private int money - this variable represents the money of the character the user controls
    private int honor - this variable represents how honorable the character the uer controls is
    private int day - this variable represents the current day
    private int saved - this variable represents how many gang members have been saved
    private boolean gameOver - this variable represents if the game should end or not
    private int damage - this variable represents the current damage the user does

    private boolean member1Saved - this variable represents if the bounty of member 1 has been paid off
    private boolean member2Saved - this variable represents if the bounty of member 2 has been paid off
    private boolean member3Saved - this variable represents if the bounty of member 3 has been paid off
    private boolean member4Saved - this variable represents if the bounty of member 4 has been paid off

    private boolean weapon1Bought - this variable represents if weapon 1 has been bought
    private boolean weapon2Bought - this variable represents if weapon 2 has been bought
    private boolean weapon3Bought - this variable represents if weapon 3 has been bought
    private boolean weapon4Bought - this variable represents if weapon 4 has been bought
    private boolean weapon5Bought - this variable represents if weapon 5 has been bought

    private armor1Bought - this variable represents if armor 1 has been bought
    private armor2Bought - this variable represents if armor 2 has been bought
    private armor3Bought - this variable represents if armor 3 has been bought

Constructor:
    public WildWestOutlaw(String n)
        The constructor will take n and assign it to the instance variable name. It will then assign a default value to the variable health, maxHealth, money, honor,
        day, saved, and gameOver. All "member saved" variables and "bought" variables will be set to false.

Methods:
    public String help()
        This method will print a string informing the user of what can be done in the game to get them started.

    public boolean isGameOver()
        The method returns if the game is over or not.

    public int getDay()
        The method returns the current day.

    public void increaseDay()
        The method increases the current day by one.

    public String getStats()
        The method returns the current stats of the character. These stats include health, maxHealth, money, honor, damage, and saved.

    public void setHonor(int x)
        The method adds the value of x to the current value of honor. If honor goes below -100 it is set to -100. If honor goes above 100 it is set to 100.

    public String enemy(String name, int enemyHealth, int enemyDamage)
        The method takes the name, health, and damage the enemy does from what is inputted, and simulates a battle between the character and the current enemy. The
        results of the battle are added to a variable as a string and then the variable is returned.

    public String fight(int x)
         The method has a while loop that runs x amount of times. Each iteration will select a random enemy for the character to fight and will then simulate the fight
         using the enemy method. Each string returned from the enemy method is added to a variable which is then returned once each battle has finished. If the user runs
         out of health, an ending is printed, the battles stop early, the game ends, and the program ends.

    public String stageCoach()
        The method will use Math.random() to determine how easily the user robs a stagecoach and how many people the user will fight. The money gotten
        from the robbery is added to the money variable and information about the crime is returned as string. Fights are simulated using the fight() method. Crime will
        decrease honor. An image of a stagecoach will be printed.

    public String train(String t)
        The method will use t to determine if the user finds a train. On the train, Math.random() will be used to determine how many people the user will fight and how
        much money is found. The money gotten from the robbery is added to the money variable and information about the crime is returned as string. Fights are simulated
        using the fight() method. Crime will decrease honor. An image of a train will be printed.

    public String bank(String t)
        The method will use t to determine if the user goes to the bank when it's open and will affect how many people the user needs to fight. Math.random() will also be
        used to determine how many people the user will fight and how much money is found. The money gotten from the robbery is added to the money variable and information
        about the crime is returned as string. Fights are simulated using the fight() method. Crime will decrease honor. An image of some gold will be printed.

    public String crime(int x, String t)
        This method will take a int, x, which will determine which crime the user wants to do and string, t, to see what time the user will do the crime. The three
        crimes consist of robbing a stagecoach, robbing a train, and robbing a bank. A string containing the results of the crime chosen will be returned.

    public String hint()
        The method will use Math.random() to choose a random hint in a list of 5 and will then return the hint as a string

    public String giveARide()
        The method will use Math.random() to determine of the user finds someone to help. Then Math.random() will be used to determine which of three outcomes will
        occur, they thank you and hint() is run, they rob a certain percentage of your money, they try to steal your horse and you both start fighting. The results of
        this will be added to a variable as a string and then returned. Honor will increase.

    public donatePossible(int x)
        The method will take an integer x, which is the donation the user is trying to make, and then will check if it is possible with their current amount of money.
        If it is possible, the variable money will be updated accordingly.

    public String giveMoneyToThePoor(int x)
        The method will check the donation is possible using donatePossible(). If it is not the user will be informed, otherwise a certain amount of honor will be granted
        to the user depending on how much money they decide to donate. There is a small chance before the user can leave they will receive a hint using the hint() method. The
        results of everything will be added to a variable and returned.

    public String stopAFight()
        The method will use Math.random() to determine the outcome of the user a fight. These outcomes include both walking away upset, you saving one man from the other and getting
        a hint which will be given using the hint() method, or both men deciding to fight you instead which will run the fight() method. This will increase honor.

    public void goodDeed(String s, int m)
        This method will take a string, s, which will determine which good deed the user wants to do. The three good deeds consist of giving someone a ride
        home, intervening in a fight, and giving money to the poor. If they decide to donate to the poor, the variable m will dictate how much they donate.

    public String item(int price, String statAffected, int change, String itemName)
        The method will inform the user if they lack the money needed to pay for the item. If they can pay for the item, statAffected will be used to determine which
        stat will get affected, itemName and change will be used to determine how much the stat that is affected will change. The item name will be used to update the item's
        corresponding "is bought" method if there is one. If the item has already been bought you are not charged. The results are returned as a string in a variable.

    public String shop(String s)
        The method will take the variable s, and then run the correct version of the method item() and then return the results of this as a string. The effect of the item
        will also be part of these results

    public void bounty()
        This method will print out information about the four gang members that are currently in jail such as how much it cost to pay their bounty and how many
        days remain until they are executed. If the user has enough money they will be prompted to pay the bounty of a member of the gang and if they do the
        variable saved will be increased.

    public String end()
        The method will return a string which has details containing the ending of the game. The ending which is selected and displayed will be determined by how many
        members the user has saved and their honor. There are unique ending for cases such as the user dying due to having no remaining health and the user selecting to
        end the game.


WildWestOutlawRunner class
Step 1: An object of the Scanner class will be made to get user input
Step 2: The user will asked if they want to play, the program will end if they say no and if they say yes they will be asked to enter a name
Step 3: An object of the WildWestOutlaw class will be made using the name entered by the user
Step 4: A while loop will be made and will continue to iterate until the user is dead or doesn't want to play
Step 5: In the while loop the user will be prompted to enter an input which will be saved as variable action
Step 6: The variable action will determine if help(), crime(), goodDeed(), or shop() runs
Step 7: bounty() will run
Step 8: If the player decides to stop playing, dies, or completes the game, end() will run
